>> Scott Moss: Last time we talked
about agents and we got a tool calling,
I merged a little bit of
this current lesson into
the last one because it
just made more sense.
We're gonna finish up the tool calling.
We left off where we can pass the tool and
the AI can tell us that it wants to call
a tool, but we aren't actually
doing anything with that.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: How do you handle things
like security when a user is using
something that might be sent to an agent?
How do you prevent them from accessing
other users' data, these kinds of things?
>> Scott Moss: It's a great question.
The same way you do it now.
AI can't run anything you
didn't give it access to.
So, and that specific case
of how would you prevent
an AI from if you have
a multi tenant system.
Actually, we're going to get into the very
specifics of that literally right now, but
it's really no different than
what you're doing now, right?
The function knows,
you can pass in different parameters to
that function this is the current user ID.
And then that function can do a query
scope down to just that user ID or
whatever you're fragmenting on whatever.
However you split your users up,
so the AI won't run any, yeah,
I guess you could just give your
AI a tool that's here you go.
Here's my whole ORM go Crazy then,
yeah, I guess that's a problem, but
you probably typically won't do that.
You would have very scoped functions
within the realm of that tool call.
So shouldn't be a problem.
Cool, okay, so we already talked about
what the tool calling stuff looks like,
but I'm gonna show you kind
of like the message flow.
So here's a diagram.
User ask a message, all right?
Assistant says, cool,
I'll call that function.
We didn't talk about arguments.
We'll do arguments this time so
you can see what that looks like and
then you immediately have to respond back.
And we saw the error.
You have to respond back with the role
of tool and the tool call ID must
be the same ID that was in the tool
calls array in the message before it.
You have to do that.
You will get the error that I
had if you don't remember that.
As far as like,
I think this is confusing sometimes is
what can the tool return whatever you
want as long as it's a string it doesn't
matter you can return whatever you want.
There is no schema on what you
return the schema is mostly for
what arguments are passed in.
Because that's something that your
system needs to be deterministic, so
you can appropriately run the right
function but when you're.
Giving something to the AI,
it doesn't care.
It doesn't need a schema.
You just pass it whatever you want.
So even getting creative in like what
you return here can help the AI have
better answers.
Some things I like to do is I like to
if my tool is some async function,
I always try catch it so
it doesn't throw an error.
But if it does throw an error in
the catch, I like to send back
an object to the AI as a tool
response of failed true reason.
And I'll put a reason so
then the AI can see that reason.
And then maybe it might show
the user something like, sorry.
I think right now in our system,
if an error happens We tell the AI
an error happens, versus just throwing
an error and having the system shut down.
And then we've trained the AI to be like,
sorry, I had a problem doing this.
I let my engineers know, right?
And it'll say something like that.
So that way you still have a good
experience where if you just let that
thing fail,
user's not gonna see anything, so
it's a different way of like programming.
You kind of got to think about it so
you can return whatever you want,
as long as it's a string
which includes JSON.
So that's how that works.
And then you feed that back to the AI,
and the AI is like, okay, cool.
I'm gonna try to answer this now or
not, and
I'm going to tell you to do another
tool call you, don't know that's.
That's the whole point of an agent.
It decides on whether or not it can,
should or what it should call and
how it should call it.
We talked about this stuff already.
Here's a really good example of some
clear versus like ambiguous matches.
I'll put this example here.
So let's say a user asks for
what's the stock price of Apple?
This is pretty clear.
Because I have a function that
calls like get stock price and
it describes the stock price.
This intent that makes sense.
And we even said that it takes
an argument called symbol.
They asked for Apple.
That makes sense.
I think the only thing that might be
confusing here is that if the AI didn't
know that Apple's ticker or
symbol was a APL then Maybe it'll just
make something up or maybe it'll ask.
That is the only thing I can
see where it would be confused.
Everything else seems pretty clear here.
The second one is pretty ambiguous.
How's Apple doing today?
I don't know, should I be getting
the stock price to figure that out?
Maybe I have another tool
that says search the web.
Should I call that one instead?
Maybe I have another tool
that says something it's very
ambiguous on what the AI
is supposed to do here.
And this is especially in a chat interface
where someone can type anything,
this is where you run into problems
where it's this is very ambiguous.
So it's like best case scenario,
it's a clear match or it's a no match.
But a lot of the times it's this because
a lot of users might have compound
sentences, can you do this,
and then can you do this,
and then can you do this as well?
And that's one message.
And it's what do you want me to do here,
right?
So it can get pretty confusing,
and here lies the confusion and
stuff like that.
So you also want to make sure the tools
that you get give your AI are so
different from each other that when it
decides which ones it wants to choose,
it's very clear which
ones should be chosen.
If you have something
that says getWeather and
then you have another one that says
getWeather for this for a city, and
they do way too different things, like
good luck, it's just, that's too close.
It's better off just to have
one tool called getWeather and
make it take an optional argument for
a city, and then that's better.
So they'll always call that one tool or
something like that.
So, yeah, it can get pretty crazy,
pretty hairy, really quickly.
Common function types.
Data retrieval.
So this is call this function,
go get something.
So hit another API, hit a database.
Rag, something like that.
Go get me some data, bring it back and
then in this case, like show it to me,
answer a question, whatever.
Actions, these are like
more mutative things.
Go do something for me.
This is where AI gets scary, and
it'll go do a thing for you.
Go send this email for me.
Go, I don't know,
go buy this thing for me.
Here's my credit card
something spooky like that.
It could do that, and
it will do that if you have an API.
So, I think that's where it just
gets absolutely terrifying.
And then calculations,
answer that you needed to perform some
analysis that requires a brain,
and then give me an answer.
So in this case,
calculate my monthly mortgage payment.
Assuming this AI had access to,
I don't know,
some bank statements that you had or
whatever information and
I'm sorry in this case,
it takes in a principle or rate in year.
So, if you gave it a principle or
rate in some years,
it could calculate your mortgage for you.
So this will just be a function that you
make that literally takes in these three
things and returns back your mortgage
with some simple calculation of that.
So, those are really
the most three things.
The number one thing for
sure is going to be this.
It's gonna be data retrieval.
100% that's gonna be like more than
half your tools, maybe some of this.
This is very powerful, and
I think it requires human in the loop.
I'll talk about human in the loop later.
Probably almost never this,
unless you're doing fintech.
This is probably all you're doing, but
probably never this, from my experience.
>> Scott Moss: We talked about this
already, descriptions, descriptions,
descriptions.
Don't do unclear descriptions.
Emails, what the hell does that mean?
[LAUGH] I don't know.
Emails, you really have to work
with AI as if it's another human.
That's the best thing that I can describe.
Just talk to it the way that
you would talk to a human.
And that's a great starting point.
You can optimize it after that, but
talk to it like you would talk to a human
because it was trained on all human
context so it makes sense just do that.
So if you just told someone that
like emails how would they know
that that this function is
meant to like send emails like.
I don't know, does it get emails?
Does it delete emails?
What do you mean?
So yeah, like imagine if you had
an engineer on your team and
they wrote a function in your app and
the name of the function was emails.
What the hell does that do?
I don't know.
Give it a better name, right?
So it's the same thing.
And yeah, you can pretty much do anything.
API calls, database ops.
Literally anything you wanna do,
you can do it.
We talked about this, you need to, for
as far as like sitting the message back,
you need to reply back with their role
of tool a string with the answer.
And the tool call ID must be the same
ID as the tool call before it.